<br>
    For the final project of the course, I partnered up with a classmate to create a video game based
    off of Street Fighter. I was inspired from a scene from one of my favorite shows, Rick and Morty. In that scene, Rick and his family plays
    a video game that is basically Street Fighter, but the players have to find their opponents by going through their day to day life. Sometimes, if
    the players take too long to get to their opponent, they won't even be able to fight! I'm taking this concept so I can apply all the topics I learned
    within the course as well as research more advanced Java skills in order to bring this hilarious video game idea to life.
    <br>
    My current project proposal goes as such: Basically, the program is Street Fighter, but the players have to go through their day to day life and find their opponent to fight. The game is going to be single player (unlike the scene) and involve a grid-based map that the player will traverse in order to find their opponent that is hidden in one of the squares in the unknown grid. 
    <br>
    The game will likely follow this sequence:
At the beginning, the players will start out in their character’s home and are reminded by the text about their opponent and why they are fighting. They will then be prompted by text to continue with morning activities and eventually leave the home. The computer will need to generate a series of choices for the players to pick and keep track of all of their options, because if the player loses track of their focus on fighting their opponent, they may never actually get to the fighting part. Through the entirety of traversing the grid, there will always be an option to move on and explore the area, such as “exit home” for the beginning section. The user may be able to see their character move around the screen.
The user gets the option to traverse the grid based map, which will hopefully have at least 3 routes to their opponent, which will be at an unknown location within the grid based map. I am planning on having a coffee shop/restaurant (where the players can build up their character’s health), a subway(where the players may be able to go between the three different routes), and a few miscellaneous shops inbetween for the players to explore as if they were going through their day to day life. The computer would need to keep track of how much time they are spending in their day to day lives (likely through a meter at the top) so the players still have enough motivation to fight their opponent.
When the user finally reaches the square on the grid with the opponent, the style of the game would shift towards a more street fighter style. There will be a tutorial on how keys on the keyboard will represent kicks (k), punches (p), dodges (d), jumps (j), and special attacks (.) The player would then get an opportunity to fight the opponent until they either lose by KO or win by KO-ing the opponent. The computer would need to keep track of the health and motivation of both characters.
If the player wins, a text will pop up telling them “You win!”. If they lose, the text will tell them “You lose!”. Both options can prompt to restart the game so they can replay. If possible, we can try to add save spots.
    </p>
